Write documentation on using the smithy4s json module directly (#1653)
disneystreaming/smithy4s: modules/docs/markdown/02.1-serialisation/01-serialisation.md

The code generated by Smithy4s is strictly **protocol agnostic**. One implication is that the data-types generated by Smithy4s are not tied to any particular serialisation format or third-party library. Instead, Smithy4s generates an instance of a `smithy4s.schema.Schema` for each data-type (see [the relevant section](../05-design/02-schemas.md)). From this schema can be derived encoders and decoders for virtually any serialisation format.

> Smithy4s provides opt-in modules implementing serialisation in a bunch of formats, including `JSON`, `XML` and `Protobuf`. The modules cross-compile to all combinations of platforms (JVM/JS/Native) and scala-versions supported by Smithy4s.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Smithy4s provides opt-in modules implementing serialisation in several different formats, including `JSON`, `XML` and `Protobuf`. The modules cross-compile to all combinations of platforms (JVM/JS/Native) and scala-versions supported by Smithy4s.
```
